from the San Diego Polo Grounds this is
a surf cup 2012 hello again everybody
I'm Greg GK porter for langevin
productions this is a boys under-12
match featuring the patio daughters and
they are in white and blue with the blue
numbers and colorado storm copa there
and yellow with the blue numbers and
we're underway so chef colors for all
you sailors out there
try to do something with a long ball
intercepting in the central and all-sec
takes a shot and see and when I say
Orange County talking about in Southern
California shot nice shot my fragile
Amaya that last sequence down the
central the quick transition now for
patio doors a shot on a side by Roberts
beautiful shot by Padilla but Roberts
was able to sprawl to his left and make
the sieve tamiya is all devar looks for
some space finds it to Casteel the shot
at us or by Robert said that was an
excellent blast that was awesome
Martinez but he stays in a match stay
strong and droll sir Texas shot his blog
he takes it all out at us blocked at the
last moment taken away back the other
way for the Pat Theodorus Madea on the
road on a beautiful rah daddy try to
take a shot and he fell down lost his
balance that time showing in his first
half Colorado storm complain a good deed
for the shot at just past the second
pose and now the quick transition as
they get the long ball with Kyle Porter
Porter show your speed Porter singing
past the second pose Kyle Porter the
feet and own sake of higher therefore
said it goes just why
nice job into space Colorado storm copo
Padilla Blass out of their side at a
save by Sean Robertson Sean getting his
sixth seed porter inside a box a service
turns out to be just behind the near
post and ol6 later nice move the Nutmeg
into the box now Slater still honor his
service try to get a shot yeah they do
just miss wine of the far post is all
the bar played on all of our plate of
that South Bay for steam and the patio
daughter's was the one that Robbie was
on here's a shot just missed the far
post nine shots and that one hits our
cameramen Arnold Castillo comes all the
bar wants to go forward they know they
have to pretty much double team him and
they have a hard time towards all the
part try to get another strike and it is
possessive no.6 setting it up forward
but it was intercepted and now here is a
Maya Oh Maya now accelerating he's got
his teammate at a pass at a central good
passing that time but intercepted
alexander dr throwing out it that was
Oscar Mijares on the near side Oscar
chasing it down again still kept in but
again the Colorado storm coppa showing
their defensive abilities in this soccer
match in a surf cup 2012 down to the
last four minutes of the match let's see
which team feels the urgency wants to
put one in the back of the net as we're
still nil nil and clean sheet now in the
box is it packed your daughter is trying
to get another shot
and they cannot very tough
ah they probe they work and then they
found somebody who was free in a space
and it was Arnold Castillo to put it in
the back of the net and it is one deal
down one day on a beautiful shot my
Arnold Castillo but here is all day far
he feels the urgency to add another
one's own or stabbed or shot oh oh it's
all before took it all the way to the
six-yard box he took the shot and it
goes over to Oscar my hot ass and he
puts it in from the far side and it is
to do
she was to turn up in patio door des
nine shots for the storm 11 for the path
to Edoras the storm had five free kicks
and no corner kicks shot Roberts had
seven saves Patea daughter is had eight
free kicks one corner kick and nine
saves by Alex guy endo we hope you
enjoyed all of the action I'm Brent gk
Porter along with Bill Williams behind
the camera from the San Diego Polo
Grounds here in the city of Del Mar